Project Title: Performance Evaluation of Cooley Tukey FFT v/s Bluestein's chirp z-transform algorithm on audio signals

The project aims to evaluate the performance of two variations of FFT algorithm:, Cooley Tukey FFT(Radix 2 implementation) and Chirp-Z Transform FFT on audio signals on computational complexities such as running time, space consumption and spectral resolution for varied-length signals.

Our progress report:
https://www.sharelatex.com/project/59f67706dc1b5b7bbd13f33a

References:

Optimization of Chirp-Z Interpolation with Application to Image Zooming
http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/665580/

1D Chirp transform implementation in Python with zooming
https://github.com/ericmjonas/pychirpz/blob/master/examples/basic%20example.ipynb

CZT vs FFT: Flexibility vs Speed
https://www.osti.gov/scitech/servlets/purl/816417

ON THE COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS OF THE FAST BLUESTEIN AND FAST COOLEY-TUKEY NUMERICAL ALGORITHMS FOR DIGITAL AND ANALOG SIGNALS PROCESSING
http://granthaalayah.com/Articles/Vol3Iss11/13_IJRG15_C11_44.pdf

Prime size FFT: bluestein transform vs general chirp/z transform ?
http://numpy-discussion.10968.n7.nabble.com/Prime-size-FFT-bluestein-transform-vs-general-chirp-z-transform-td3171.html

How to choose a FFT algorithm?
https://dsp.stackexchange.com/questions/15822/how-to-choose-a-fft-algorithm

High Performance Discrete Fourier Transforms on Graphics Processors
https://mc.stanford.edu/cgi-bin/images/7/75/SC08_FFT_on_GPUs.pdf

How to analyze audio input/spectrum correctly
https://dsp.stackexchange.com/questions/14183/how-to-analyze-audio-input-spectrum-correctly

How to interpret FFT results â€“ obtaining magnitude and phase information
https://www.gaussianwaves.com/2015/11/interpreting-fft-results-obtaining-magnitude-and-phase-information/

What information is contained in the phase spectrum of a signal?
https://www.researchgate.net/post/What_information_is_contained_in_the_phase_spectrum_of_a_signal2

Practical Introduction to Frequency-Domain Analysis
https://www.mathworks.com/help/signal/examples/practical-introduction-to-frequency-domain-analysis.html

Implementation and Comparison of Radix-2 and Radix-4 FFT Algorithms
http://www.gweep.net/~rocko/FFT/paper.html

Basic Image Handling and Processing
https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/programming-computer-vision/9781449341916/ch01.html

removing-pattern-and-noise-in-an-image-using-fft-in-matlab
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20531110/removing-pattern-and-noise-in-an-image-using-fft-in-matlab

Shazam It! Music Recognition Algorithms, Fingerprinting, and Processing
https://www.toptal.com/algorithms/shazam-it-music-processing-fingerprinting-and-recognition

FAST FOURIER TRANSFORM (FFT) ALGORITHMS
https://www.dsprelated.com/freebooks/mdft/Fast_Fourier_Transform_FFT.html

How to use 2D Fourier analysis to clean the noise in an image
https://mathematica.stackexchange.com/questions/110914/how-to-use-2d-fourier-analysis-to-clean-the-noise-in-an-image

New:

Chirp Z transform
http://www.univie.ac.at/nuhag-php/bibtex/open_files/6440_rarasc690001.pdf

Chirp z imolementation:
https://gist.github.com/endolith/2783807

Different types of Cooley Tukey
http://www.cypress.com/file/55401/download

The FFT - an algorithm the whole family can use
http://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/~rockmore/cse-fft.pdf

How shazam works:
https://www.toptal.com/algorithms/shazam-it-music-processing-fingerprinting-and-recognition